CHAOS-3393 Single-click onboarding (#6350)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/certifications/developer-certification.md

This tutorial guides you through registering for the Harness Chaos developer exam certification and completing it.

> Before you begin, refer to [onboarding guide](/docs/chaos-engineering/get-started/onboarding/hce-onboarding.md) and [executing experiments in sandbox](/docs/chaos-engineering/certifications/run-experiments-in-sandbox.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, refer to the [Chaos Engineering overview](/docs/chaos-engineering/get-started/onboarding/hce-onboarding.md) and [Run chaos experiments in sandbox](/docs/chaos-engineering/certifications/run-experiments-in-sandbox.md).
```
